With the complete web develop of course 2.0 you get a lot more than just the best web development course
available online.
You get a year's free hosting on the ECO web posting advanced ACAM worth of $200.
You get a copy of the second edition of my highly rated how to earn $10000 while learning to code e-book.
You get the three official bootstrap themes which look great and you get a $10 discount on the X theme
which will be working with in the Wordpress section of the course.
So how do you get all these extras.
Well if you already have one of my other courses you can go to either web hosting the current UK slash
C.P. slash profile scroll down until you find the complete web developer cost 2.0 and click varify purchase.
It's as simple as that.
If you haven't verified another one of my courses then just go to ICO web posting Dakoda UK slash C.P.
slash Web Dev too.
That will take you to this page where you put in your email address so I'll just use Raub at example
dot com any password you like.
But make sure it's nice and secure and then you need your.
You do me a username to get this.
You go to any page on you to meet while you're logged in and then click on your image at the top right
there.
Then click View Public Profile
and in the RL of this page.
That last bit there is your username so that might be something like Percival or it might just be a
random string of letters and numbers.
Whatever it is.
Copy that and then paste it in and click sign up and then we'll verify your purchase and you have the
option to receive some more getting started emails and give us any comments you'd like to on the sign
up process.
Finally just click update account details and that will take you to your profile page and then just
scroll down and you should see that the complete web developer goes to is verified and if you scroll
all the way to the bottom you can see how to get those coarse extras so you can download the bootstrap
themes then get the ebook using those links.
Depending on which version you want to read you won't find these extras with any other web development
costs.
So congratulations on choosing this course and in the next video I'll show you how to download and set
up the two free pieces of software that you'll need for the course.